[DOC-2092]  add doc for blocking operation in RO (#80)
tigergraph/cloud-docs: modules/cloudbeta/modules/resource-manager/pages/workspaces/writeread_readonly.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> Current RO workspace requires manual sync up with the RW workspace to catch up with the latest change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current Read-Only (RO) workspace requires manual sync up with the RW workspace to catch up with the latest change.
```

> In RO workspace, the following operations are forbidden:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Read-Only (RO) workspace within TigerGraph Cloud, the following operations are strictly prohibited:
```

> 1. run write queries

Reviewer: Can we make the forbidden operations in categories:
Database Operations,
System Administration Commands,
Schema Management, 
Graph Management, 
Data Modification, 
Loading Jobs
Backup and Restore,

Current RO workspace requires manual sync up with the RW workspace to catch up with the latest change.
====

=== Block write operations in RO cluster

> 

Reviewer 2: can we change to RO Workspace? that make sure the description consistent
